Expose query stats in `Server-Timing` header when `X-Mimir-Response-Query-Stats` header is present in the request. (#10897)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/references/http-api/index.md

#### Headers

- `Sharding-Control` - _optional_ - Integer value specifying how many shards to use for request execution.

> - `X-Mimir-Response-Query-Stats` - _optional_ - Boolean value specifying if the response must have query stats on the `Server-Timing` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `X-Mimir-Response-Query-Stats` - _optional_ - Boolean value specifying if the response must have query stats in the `Server-Timing` header.
```

> #### Response Headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Response headers
```

> - `Server-Timing` - _optional_ - Contains query execution stats if the `X-Mimir-Response-Query-Stats` header is set to `true`.

Reviewer: Could we remove the word `execution` here and just say `Contains query stats`?

Author: Done

  The content of the header is a comma-separated list of key-value pairs, where the key is the name of the metric and the value is the metric value.

>   The contents of this header may change without notice. Example: `Server-Timing: encode;dur=0.041, series_count;c=31950, chunk_bytes;c=23791904, chunks_count;c=329964, index_bytes;c=28647863, series_fetched;c=29906, wall_time;dur=6259.888, queue;dur=0.020, response_size;c=118, response_time;dur=6267.381, cache_hit;c=0, cache_miss;c=0, sharded;c=0, split;c=0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The contents of this header might change without notice. For example: `Server-Timing: encode;dur=0.041, series_count;c=31950, chunk_bytes;c=23791904, chunks_count;c=329964, index_bytes;c=28647863, series_fetched;c=29906, wall_time;dur=6259.888, queue;dur=0.020, response_size;c=118, response_time;dur=6267.381, cache_hit;c=0, cache_miss;c=0, sharded;c=0, split;c=0`
```

  - Metrics:

>     - `encode`: The time spent in milliseconds at the frontend encoding the query's final results. Does not include time spent serializing results at the querier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `encode`: The time, in milliseconds, spent at the frontend encoding the query's final results. This value does not include time spent serializing results at the querier.
```

    - `series_count`: The estimated number of series to be fetched for the query.
    - `chunk_bytes`: The number of bytes of the chunks fetched for the query, after any deduplication.
    - `chunks_count`: The number of chunks fetched for the query, after any deduplication.
    - `index_bytes`: The number of index bytes fetched on the store-gateway for the query.
    - `series_fetched`: The number of series fetched for the query.

>     - `wall_time`: The sum of all wall time spent in milliseconds in the querier to execute the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `wall_time`: The sum of all wall time, in milliseconds, spent in the querier to run the query.
```

Reviewer: We try to avoid using the word `execute` in docs, when possible.

Reviewer: It just doesn't have a nice connotation. And, generally, using `run` works just as well 😄

>     - `queue`: The sum of durations in milliseconds that the query spent in the queue, before it was handled by querier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `queue`: The sum of durations, in milliseconds, that the query spent in the queue, before being handled by querier.
```

>     - `response_size`: The number of bytes of the response in bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `response_size`: The number of bytes of the response.
```

>     - `response_time`: The time spent in milliseconds to process the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `response_time`: The time, in milliseconds, spent processing the query.
```

    - `cache_hit`: The number of results cache hits.
    - `cache_miss`: The number of results cache misses.

>     - `sharded`: The number of sharded queries executed. 0 if sharding is disabled or the query can't be sharded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `sharded`: The number of sharded queries run. Set to `0` if sharding is disabled, or if the query can't be sharded.
```

>     - `split`: The number of split partial queries executed. 0 if splitting is disabled or the query can't be split.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `split`: The number of split partial queries run. Set to `0` if splitting is disabled, or if the query can't be split.
```
